RDoc-1355 Counters documentation (#900)
ravendb/docs: Documentation/4.1/Raven.Documentation.Pages/client-api/session/counters/create-or-modify.markdown

  - [Code Sample](../../../client-api/session/counters/create-or-modify#code-sample)
{NOTE/}

---

{PANEL: `Increment` Syntax}

{CODE Increment-definition@ClientApi\Session\Counters\Counters.cs /}

| Parameters | Type | Description |
|:-------------:|:-------------:|:-------------|
| `counterName` |  string | Counter's name |
|`incrementValue` | long | Increase Counter by this value. Default value is 1. <br> For a new Counter, this will be its initial value. |
{PANEL/}

{PANEL: `Increment` Usage}

*  **Flow**:  
  - Open a session  
  - Create an instance of `CountersFor`.  
      * Either pass `CountersFor` an explicit document ID, -or-  
      - Pass it an [entity tracked by the session](../../../client-api/session/loading-entities), e.g. a document object returned from [session.query](../../../client-api/session/querying/how-to-query) or from [session.Load](../../../client-api/session/loading-entities#load).  
  - Execute `CountersFor.Increment`
  - Execute `session.SaveChanges` for the changes to take effect  

* **Note**:
    * Modifying a Counter using `Increment` only takes effect when `session.SaveChanges()` is executed.  

>     * To decrease a Counter's value, pass the method a negative "incrementValue".  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * To decrease a Counter's value, pass the method a negative number to `Increment`.  
```
